[doc][cdc] Update logical replication limitation on table rewrite DDLs (#25511)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/_index.md

- CDC is not supported on a target table for xCluster replication [11829](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/11829).

> - Currently, CDC doesn't support schema evolution for changes that require table rewrites (for example, [ALTER TYPE](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_alter_table/#alter-type-with-table-rewrite)), or DROP TABLE and TRUNCATE TABLE operations  after the replication slot is created. However, these operations can be performed before the replication slot creation without any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, CDC doesn't support schema evolution for changes that require table rewrites (for example, [ALTER TYPE](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_alter_table/#alter-type-with-table-rewrite)), or DROP TABLE and TRUNCATE TABLE operations after the replication slot is created. However, you can perform these operations before creating the replication slot without any issues.
```

> - Currently, CDC doesn't support schema evolution for changes that require table rewrites (for example, [ALTER TYPE](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_alter_table/#alter-type-with-table-rewrite)), or DROP TABLE and TRUNCATE TABLE operations  after the replication slot is created. However, these operations can be performed before the replication slot creation without any issues.

Reviewer: Does "after the replication slot is created" apply to both schema evolution changes and Drop/Truncate, or only Drop/Truncate?
